Remove non-`pydantic` approach to modules (#282)
ACCIDDA/flepimop2: docs/development/implementing-custom-engines-and-systems.md

        gamma.item() * state[1]
    ])

class SirSystem(SystemABC, module="sir"):
    """SIR model system."""

    state_change: StateChangeEnum = StateChangeEnum.FLOW

    _stepper: SystemProtocol = PrivateAttr(default=None)

    def model_post_init(self, __context: object) -> None:
        super().model_post_init(__context)
        self.__pydantic_private__["_stepper"] = global_sir
```

Key elements in the system implementation:

> - **SirSystem** inherits from **SystemABC**, which provides the Pydantic `BaseModel` foundation and all generic system capabilities automatically. No separate `build` function is needed.

Reviewer: Is bringing up the `build` function necessary? Feels a bit "here's a thing you don't know about, and don't need to care about", right?

- `state_change` is a required field on every `SystemABC` subclass. Here it is given a fixed default since this system always uses the `FLOW` convention.
- `_stepper` is stored as a Pydantic `PrivateAttr` and wired up in `model_post_init`. Callables must be accessed and set through `self.__pydantic_private__["_stepper"]` rather than `self._stepper` to avoid Python's descriptor binding.

> - The `module="sir"` class argument resolves to `flepimop2.system.sir` and constrains the corresponding Pydantic field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `module="sir"` class argument indicates how configuration files will indicate to use this module, i.e. `module: sir`
```

Reviewer: (or something similar - I think we want to convey the point of that field, rather than the details of the implementation)

                )
            ]
        return None
```

Key elements in the engine implementation:

- `runner` drives the simulation by applying the stepper across time points.
- `EulerEngine` inherits `EngineABC` and stores its runner in `model_post_init` via `self.__pydantic_private__["_runner"]`. This pattern avoids descriptor binding that occurs when storing callables in `PrivateAttr` and accessing them via `self._runner`.

> - The `module="euler"` class argument resolves to `flepimop2.engine.euler`.

Reviewer: ibid previous point
